# Board Meeting 20211207

## Date/Time: Tuesday, December 7, 2021 - 5:00 - 6:00 pm ET via MS Teams

### Attendees: 

- [x] Anna
- [x] Jaronda
- [x] Janel
- [x] Julia
- [ ] Shannon

### Agenda:
1. Call to Order
2. Attendace
3. Approval of Agenda
4. Approval of [Minutes](../BoardMinutes/20210607.md)
5. Acceptance of speakers for 2021
6. Hosting of Triangle Chinese Language Exchange
7. Sharing of Treasurer's [Proposed Budget]((../PoliciesFiles/2022_ProposedBudget_20211206.md))
8. Report on license grants
9. Schematic calendar 
10. General Disussion
11. Adjournment

## 1. Call to Order
Chair, Anna Kirkland Smith called the meeting to order.

## 3. Agenda
Unknown motioned to approve the agenda, as distributed. Unknown seconded. Motion passed unanimously. 

## 4. Minutes
Unknown motioned to approve the [Minutes](../BoardMinutes/20210111.md) conditional upon a few minor updates. Unknown seconded. Motion passed unanimously.

## 5. Acceptance of speakers for 2022
The president submitted speakers found by Gordana Vuject and proposed for 2022.
    - https://www.linkedin.com/in/ivana-feldfeber/ (Feb)
    - https://www.linkedin.com/in/anna-nyulund/ (May)
    - https://www.linkedin.com/in/toni-p-23051a89/ (Aug)
    - https://www.linkedin.com/in/marajjm/ (Nov)
    - https://www.linkedin.com/in/liping-wu/ (Backup)


## 6. Hosting of the Triangle Chinese Lanugage Exchange
With the spectre of an online group and a Spanish speaking group, in the context of the Meetup license having a limit of 3 groups, the board reviewed the grant to host the Chinese Language Exchange. According to message records, the owner Melissa Gold understood the grant to be time limited. The board approved ending the grant.

## 7. Budget Review
Unknown motioned to approve the Treasurer's [Proposed Budget]((../PoliciesFiles/2022_ProposedBudget_20211206.md)) Unknown seconded. Motion passed unanimously.

## 8. Report on License Grants
The president reported that both GitHub and Microsoft had granted the Society non-profit status and awarded typical grants. In the case of Microsoft, 10 licenses to the Office 365 platform were granted, in addition to a Microsoft Teams environment. The outlook became that the Microsoft Teams environment would substitute for Zoom in the next budget. Microsoft's intended use for the licenses was staff and critical volunteers.

The board accepted the licenses.

## 9. Proposal for Structure of Placeholder Calendar
Given feedback about the need for technical programs, an online group, and a local group, the president proposed the following calender schema. 
    - 1st week to be reserved for projects, such as Survey and Newsletter
    - 2nd week to be rerserved for technical program
    - Odd week, if available, to be reserved for Board meetings or Large Social
    - Next-to-Last Week, often 3rd, to be reserved for Online Group
    - Last Week, often 4th, to be reserved for Local Group, often in-person. 
    - Anyone is welcome at any meeting.
    - A calendar of placeholders is [here](../../Policies/Calendar.md)

The board approved the experimental schema.

## General Discussion
The board agreed that further discussion on the expectations of group leaders and members could be carried out via email. 

## Adjournment
Unknown motioned to adjourn the meeting. Unknown seconded. Motion passed unanimously.

## Notes
1. Drafted [Expectations for Group Leaders](../../Policies/Roles/2022Roles/ExpectationsOfGroupLeaders.md)
2. Drafted [Expectations for Members](../../Policies/Roles/2022Roles/ExpectationsOfMembers.md)
3. Proposed Permission Groups for any platform
    - Stewards (Money: President, Treasurer, VP)
    - Board
    - Volunteer Staff (Conference, Academy, other words)
4. Presidents List of Role Requests
    - President
    - Vice President
    - Treasurer
    - Programs Director
    - Program Manager, Online Group
    - Program Manager, To Be Named Spanish Group
    - Literature (Book Club) Program Manager
    - Technical Program Manager
    - Survey Program Manager
    - Newlsetter Program Manager
    - Competencies Program Manager
    - Cooperative Program Manager
    - (Website not on this list)
5. Seeds Grant
https://southbigdatahub.org/resources/newsblog/seeds-grant-program-southern-engagement-and-enrichment-data-science

# Cheat Sheet

* "Second"
* "Aye"
* "Nay"

* If there is no objection, we will adopt the motion to...

* I move to
* I move to ammend the motion
* I move that we refer the matter to committee
* I move that we postpone the matter until
* I move the previous question (which means we are done discussing)
* I call for a division (which means get name and votes clear)
