# Board Meeting 20210111

## Date/Time: Monday, January 11, 2021 - 5:00 - 6:30 pm ET via Zoom

### Attendees: 

- [x] Anna
- [x] Jaronda
- [x] Maria 
- [x] Janel
- [x] Julia
- [x] Shannon

### Agenda:
1. Call to Order
2. Attendace
3. Approval of Agenda
4. Approval of [Minutes](../BoardMinutes/20201130.md)
5. Budget Business [Proposed](../PoliciesFiles/2020_Proposed_2020_Budget.pdf)
6. Dues Opening Business
7. General Disucussion
8. Adjournment


## A. Call to Order
1. Chair, Anna Kirkland called the meeting to order at XX:XX

## B. Agenda
1. XXX motioned to approve the agenda, as distributed. XXX seconded. Motion passed unanimously. 

## C. Budget Review
1. Discussion around budget and open questions on non profit status (NC SoS vs. NC Non Profit. Janel provided clarity on this topic. 
2. Was there an action?
3. Janel to provide update on budget to actuals every meeting and proposes reviewing middle of the year. Budget is a guide and we can plan accordingly. 
4. Member dues are the only income stream and it's not as high as expected, so we should revisit.
5. XXX motioned to approve the budget. XXX seconded. Motion passed unanimously.

## D. Dues and Funding
1. Discussion regarding the addition of verbiage in the monthly QuickList about the membership dues 
2. Shannon to draft the note about why we require dues
3. There wass a new Meetup group now created to ensure members transition to the paid group last year

## E. General Discussion
1. Meetup fees have increased
2. Meetup vs Meetup Pro. Meetup Pro has higher fees, double of Meetup, $400 / year, but gives access to APIs. Staying on Meetup helps the group reach members that would otherwise not be reached. Great for marketing the group, keep track of member information and makes communication easier, as well as helps organize events, etc.
3. Wave can be utilized to charge fees or Venmo 

## F Next Meeting
1. A subsequent meeting will be in the May, June timeframe.

## G. Adjournment
1. XXX motioned to adjourn the meeting at XX:XXpm. XXX seconded. Motion passed unanimously.



### Cheat Sheet

* "Second"
* "Aye"
* "Nay"

* If there is no objection, we will adopt the motion to...

* I move to
* I move to ammend the motion
* I move that we refer the matter to committee
* I move that we postpone the matter until
* I move the previous question (which means we are done discussing)
* I call for a division (which means get name and votes clear)




