# Board Meeting 20220713

## Date/Time: Wednesday, July 13, 2022 - 5:00 - 6:30 pm ET via MS Teams

### Attendees: 

- [x] Anna
- [x] Jaronda
- [x] Janel
- [ ] Julia
- [x] Shannon

# Agenda:
1. Call to Order
2. Attendace
3. Approval of Agenda
4. Approval of [Minutes](../BoardMinutes/20211207.md)
5. Sharing of Treasurer's [Proposed Budget](../PoliciesFiles/DSS_2022_Budget_Actual_20220710.xlsx)
6. Proposal to purchase Wix License
7. Proposal for Speaker Code of Conduct
8. Proposed By-Law Change for Membership Classes
9. Proposed By-Law Change for Elections of Directors
10. Call for Resignations or Declaration of Candidacy
11. General Disussion
12. Adjournment

# Draft Minutes

## 1. Call to Order
5:09 Chair, Anna Kirkland Smith called the meeting to order.

## 3. Agenda
5:11 Janel motioned to approve the agenda, as distributed. Jarona seconded. Motion passed unanimously 5:12.

## 4. Minutes
5:12 Shannon motioned to approve the [Minutes](../BoardMinutes/20211207.md). Janel seconded. Motion passed unanimously 5:14

## 5. Budget Review
5:21 Janel motioned to approve the Treasurer's [Proposed Budget](../PoliciesFiles/DSS_2022_Budget_Actual_20220710.xlsx), given NC NonProfit removal. Shannon seconded. Motion passed unanimously.
* Janel, treasurer, encourages us to continue to seek membership dues. 
* We currently have $898.41 in the bank. 
* We had 9 members and only two expenses so far this year - the Meetup fees and some BlueHosting.
* Our best perk of a 5013c is the Microsoft provisioning.  
* We are lapsed on our NC Non Profit Membership. We haven't used it in our last 1.5 years, and our consensus is that it can lapse until we need it next.

## 6. Wix License
5:43 Jaronda motioned to approve a 3 month Wix trial (September, October, November). Janel seconded. Motion passed unanimously.

The president proposes purchasing a [Wix License]
(https://www.wix.com/upgrade/website) at $192/year to replace GoDaddy and WordPress and transition away from Meetup.
* Wix has event management, group management, automation opportunities
* Are others familiar with Wix? Janel, Lindsay
* Any supporters? Lindsay, Joan
* Ask for more support in the newsletter.
* It would be good to have plan, milestones, trial period(3 months: September, October, November), pay monthly for now. 
* Is there non-profit pricing? Taxes?


## 7. Proposal for Speaker Code of Conduct
5:45 The board raised no concerns.

The president and Julia propose adopting a code of conduct (largely authored by Julia).

#### Integrity

We believe the best way to build trust between a Data Scientista and her company, a Data Scientista and her manager, and a Data Scientista and her customers, is through honesty and integrity. We believe in presenting the true picture to our employers and stakeholders and reporting errors as soon as possible, so that everyone would know that if a Data Scientista says something, it can be believed.
 
#### Growth Mindset

We believe the best way to be the best version of our professional selves in data science is to always be curious about new algorithms, new methods, and new tools. We believe that learning never stops; and if you decide to become a Data Scientista, the first thing you can do is to embrace the fact that you will always be learning new things.

#### Best Practices

We believe the best way to do what we are doing has probably already been invented and is known to the community. This is why the community develops “lessons learned” which it calls “best practices”. We believe that following best practices in data science, software engineering, and security will make our code, our designs and our models the best they can be.

## 8. Proposed By-Law Change for Membership Classes
See [Bylows](../Bylaws.md)

* We have been using the designation 'supporting' member in the past on the QuickList newsletter.

FROM 
### 3.01 MEMBERSHIP CLASSES 
The corporation shall have no members who have any right to vote or title or interest in or to the corporation, its properties and franchises.

TO
### 3.01 MEMBERSHIP CLASSES 
The corporation shall have no members who have any right to vote or title or interest in or to the corporation, its properties and franchises.

The Society shall extend supporting membership to persons who support the mission of the Society and meet the requirements for Supporting Member as established in the Bylaws of the Society. The requirements are as follows:
* (a) The individual shall pay dues for a specified chapter for a specified calendar year within that calendar year prior by or on October 31 of each year or the board shall approve a member's written request for Affiliate membership based on voluntary service within that calendar year prior by or on October 31 of each year.
* (b) The individual shall participate in annual officer elections in November of each year.


## 9. Proposed By-Law Change for Elections of Directors
5:56 Shannon motioned to approve the changes to the by-laws. Jaronda seconded. Motion passed unanimously.

See [Bylows](../Bylaws.md)

FROM
### 4.04 QUALIFICATIONS AND ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 
In order to be eligible to serve as a director on the board of directors, the individual must be 18 years of age and an affiliate within affiliate classifications created by the board of directors. Directors may be elected at any board meeting by the majority vote of the existing board of directors. The election of directors to replace those who have fulfilled their term of office shall take place in November of each year. 

TO
### 4.04 QUALIFICATIONS AND ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 
In order to be eligible to serve as a director on the board of directors, the individual must be 18 years of age and an affiliate with a Supporting Member classification created by the board of directors. Officers and other directors shall be elected by a majority vote of the ballots cast by Supporting Members in the election held in November of each year.

## 10. Call for Resignations or Declaration of Candidacy

5:59 Shannon submits a resignation; term ending Dec 1, 2022 (usual date).
5:59 Jaronda submits a resignation; term ending Dec 1, 2022 (usual date).
6:02 Anna intends to run for a board seat.
6:03 Janel intends to run for a board seat. Janel has contributed value advice and service for many years, and is seeking transition. 
6:08 Julia intends to run for a board seat.

## General Discussion

* Put membership drive in the newsletter more often, perhaps every month. Let's have different verbiage for early in the year versus later in the year. 
* Send special communication about by-law changes in August, noting last membership date, election date, and request for candidates.
* Meetings still running about 1x per month, even though we have two groups, online and locall

## Adjournment
6:17 Janel motioned to adjourn the meeting. Jaronda seconded. Motion passed unanimously.

# Cheat Sheet

* "Second"
* "Aye"
* "Nay"

* If there is no objection, we will adopt the motion to...

* I move to
* I move to ammend the motion
* I move that we refer the matter to committee
* I move that we postpone the matter until
* I move the previous question (which means we are done discussing)
* I call for a division (which means get name and votes clear)
