# Board Meeting 20230118

## Date/Time: Wednesday, January 18, 2023 - 6:30 - 8:00 pm ET via MS Teams

### Attendees: 

- [x] Mary Dowd
- [x] Julia Kuznetsova
- [x] Nydia Assaf
- [x] Lindsay Beyak
- [x] Joan Pharr
- [x] Mary Castle

### Agenda:
1. Call to Order
2. Attendace
3. Approval of Agenda
4. General Disussion
5. Adjournment

## 1. Call to Order
Chair, Mary Dowd called the meeting to order.

## 3. Agenda
Julia Kuznetsova motioned to approve the agenda, as distributed. Unknown seconded. Motion passed unanimously. 

Agenda
* Determine positions required to be filled
* Fill required positions
* Discuss Meet-up dates/calendar

## General Discussion
* Required positions: President, Tresurer and Secretary
* Filling positions: Julia asked to remain as Director of Programming. Nydia voluteered to continue working on greater outreach, Director of Global Engagement. 
Lindsay wants to continue managing the online chapter, potentially Vice-President. Joan volunteered to fill the position for Secretary. 
Discussion on what the role of tresurer entails- membership campaign, financial report, proposed budget. Ginger volunteered to be President. Mary agreed to be Tresurer.
* Discussion around required number of Board meetings (2 required per Bylaws). Nydia proposed meeting April, July and October.
* Meet-up dates proposed- Julia proposed sticking to the 4th Monday of the month to help folks know when meetings were occurring.

1) January 30 --	Kaggle solution review	--    Online
2) February	27	--Book club	   --               Online
3) March 27	--Paper discussion  --    	    Online
4) April 24--	Book club	Triangle   --       in person
5) May 22	--Code with me	   --           Online
6) June 26	--Book club	Triangle      --    in person
7) July 31 --	Kaggle solution review	  --  Online
8) August	  28 --	Reverse book club	Triangle --  in person
9) September	25	-- Code with me	        --      Online
10) October	  30	-- End of the year meeting	 --   ?

## Adjournment
Joan motioned to adjourn the meeting. Julia seconded. Motion passed unanimously.

## Notes

# Cheat Sheet

* "Second"
* "Aye"
* "Nay"

* If there is no objection, we will adopt the motion to...

* I move to
* I move to ammend the motion
* I move that we refer the matter to committee
* I move that we postpone the matter until
* I move the previous question (which means we are done discussing)
* I call for a division (which means get name and votes clear)
