# Board Meeting 20231207

## Date/Time: Thursday, December 7, 2023 - 6:30 - 8PM EST via MS Teams

### Attendees: 

- [X] Ginger Castle
- [X] Mary Dowd
- [X] Lindsay Beyak
- [ ] Julia Kuznetsova
- [X] Joan Pharr
- [X] Nydia Assaf

# Agenda:
1. Call to Order
2. Approval of [Minutes](../BoardMinutes/20230511.md)
3. Approval of Agenda
4. Summary of planning
5. Internships
6. Membership & Fundraising
7. General Discussion
8. Adjournment

# Draft Minutes

## 1. Call to Order
6:35 Chair, Ginger Castle called the meeting to order.

## 2. Minutes
6:39 Ginger motioned to approve the JULY MINUTES [Minutes](../BoardMinutes/20230118.md). Joan seconded. Motion passed unanimously by voice.

## 3. Agenda
6:44 Ginger motioned to approve the agenda, as distributed. Lindsay seconded. Motion passed unanimously by voice.

## 4. Summary of planning
6:46 Plans for 2024 (Lindsay)
     
     - WiDS ambassador program: Ginger and Lindsay are participants- conference in Charlotte Lindsay went last year, maybe we can partner with them on that in the future?
     - Programming --> evolving to be series based? Open to teaching code, code along with me
     - Python/Jupyter Set-up Workshop (Joan) once a year (biggest hurdle is getting started)
     - Also fixing toolbox links on website (Ginger)
     - Matthew: volunteered to do series of workshops to teach coding skills
     - Monthly networking: virtual networking event, like a coffee catch-up that would be regular and outside of regular/typical monthly meetings
     - Datathon: 2 events happening at the begining of 2024 (we could host one and participate in one, but need to find space and make plans)
          - Nydia excited about datathons to make concrete connections with other data enthuists

## 5. Internship
6:49 Updates

     - Ruby (Lindsay) came onboard in september DS program at American University, she's doing research into our members, who they are? Looking at meetup dataset and doing a full EDA. Initially asked to join for 2 months to start and just extended the internship.
     - Lewis (Ginger) recently came onboard, specialized in marketing analytics, reviewing current marketing strategy and analytics from website and making recommendations for SEO and promotional and has also reviewed our LinkedIn. Lewis' term is ongoing. Building up strategy on best practices and what platforms are available (alternatives to meetup folks under 30 have never heard of it).
     - Others: Matthew, et al (Lindsay) focus is on presentations and education
     
## 6. Membership & fundraising
7:05 There was no fundraiser or membership drive this year

     -DSS value creation (Ginger) - how do we articulate our value? Envision having a retreat maybe a weekend at the beach and really hone in on the value and the mission of the group.
     -Membership only events - once a quarter that will entice folks to commit and feel good about paying
     -6 week implemnation (Ginger) Ginger are Lindsay are working to develop a plan on how to communicate what the group is doing, like a rebranding launch, 2024 events, publicity plan and membership drive. Should have a rough plan in the next week
     -Corporate partnerships -- NC Tech --grants (Lindsay) Women who work at MetLife are members of NC Tech through MetLife's NC Tech membership and they have access to Lean-In Circles. Lean-In structure that's predefined for small group support network to open dialogue. Circles are open to all NC Tech members across the state.

## 7. General Discussion
7:43 General Discussion
 - Fundraiser (Lindsay)
   - Board support for joining NC Tech -- missing funds currently, is this something that folks are interested in supporting? Anna did an email introduction with Ginger/Lindsay for the NC Tech contact. Ginger attended two of their trainings. Joan motioned to postpone discussion and joining NC Tech until next board meeting. Nydia seconded. All agreed.
   - Stipends for interns (NC idea) Ginger motioned to postpone discussion for next board meeting. So moved.
- Some issues that have come up (Lindsay)
  - LinkedIn 2 groups: one of them is a community group open for discussion and then the other group is a company page however, the community group doesn't allow us to post jobs. Membership is mostly on the group/community page. (Joan and Mary) Let's move to the company page and fold the change into the communication campaign at the beginning of the year.
  - Meetup v. Wix registration, LinkedIn Events, other channels, notification of events/emails
       - We don't have access to emails from MeetUp, Ruby has been helping in verifying data
       - Hoping to be more active on LinkedIn which has developed more features recently
       - Lewis has been helping look at the Wix registration and logins, Wix isn't as straightforward as LinkedIn for members to access. Will discuss further at retreat. Discord?
       - Members are not getting notifications of events (Joan and Nydia have this issue)
       - Want to be intentional with how we are communicating (WhatsApp)
- Retreat in January (Ginger)
  - Who wants to participate -- Interest across the board (Mary/Nydia can do day/half-day), open to folks outside of board members
  - When Mary and Ginger will sort of some details
- Who is on the board (Ginger)
  - Confirm roles
    - UPDATES
        -  FINANCE (Mary) -- happy to continue same role in 2024, update on financial situation and expenses (MeetUp and Wix memberships), will draft budget based on fundraising goal/events/activities
        -  VIRTUAL PROGRAMMING COORDINATOR (Julia)
        -  INTERNATIONAL ENGAGEMENT (Nydia)
             -  Address membership dues at an international level ($50)
             -  If we consolidate LinkedIn we can share some of the international events
             -  How do we brand our speakers and events?
             -  Opportunities with Universities to offer e-certificate via the Company LinkedIn
             -  Wants to continue in this role
             -  Had discussed a mini-conference in the summer in Costa Rica one day event
             -  International or rotating mentorships
        -  SECRETARY (Joan) can stay on
 - NEXT STEPS (Ginger)
    - Board meetings in 2024
         - Next meeting time will be retreat (still planning on 4 official meetings a year)
      
## 8. Adjournment
8:05 Ginger motioned to adjoined. Nydia seconded. Motion passed unanimously.

# Cheat Sheet

* "Second"
* "Aye"
* "Nay"

* If there is no objection, we will adopt the motion to...

* I move to
* I move to ammend the motion
* I move that we refer the matter to committee
* I move that we postpone the matter until
* I move the previous question (which means we are done discussing)
* I call for a division (which means get name and votes clear)
