# Board Meeting 20230511

## Date/Time: Thursday, May 11, 2023 - 6:30 - 7:38PM EST via MS Teams

### Attendees: 

- [x] Ginger Castle
- [x] Mary Dowd
- [x] Lindsay Beyak
- [x] Julia Kuznetsova
- [x] Joan Pharr
- [ ] Nydia Assaf

# Agenda:
1. Call to Order
2. Approval of [Minutes](../BoardMinutes/20230118.md)
3. Approval of Agenda
4. Administrative Items
5. Treasurer Update
6. Program Updates
7. President's Report
8. Adjournment

# Draft Minutes

## 1. Call to Order
6:37 Chair, Ginger Castle called the meeting to order.

## 2. Minutes
6:43 Mary motioned to approve the [Minutes](../BoardMinutes/20230118.md). Joan seconded. Motion passed unanimously by voice.

## 3. Agenda
6:45 Ginger motioned to approve the agenda, as distributed. Julia seconded. Motion passed unanimously by voice.

## 4. Administrative Items
- Ginger and Mary are meeting with Janelle later this evening and with Anna tomorrow to resolve outstanding questions
- Joan will make templates for meeting notes in github and Ginger will put the agenda in the placeholder
- Julia suggested including link to previous meeting notes in the meeting invite for future board meetings

## 5. Treasurer Update
- Mary still needs online access to bank account. She was able to deposit money into the account and has an invoice for meetup fee. She is meeting with previous treasurer Janelle to get details tonight.
- Request was made for tresurer's report to cover financial standing at the beginning of the year, current financial place, projected expenses and fundraising
- Taxes were filed!
- Discussion around membership drive/fundraising...Ginger confirmed we are planning to have a membership drive this year. It is still in development.

## 6. Program Updates
Julia:
- Local chapter meetings so far: a good Kaggle review session, good presentation from Anna on models that are being used in Fraud detection, book club and another book club coming and a paper discussion. It seems we have a lower attendence than in previous years (thoughts/ideas welcome). Looking to fill a spot for a kaggle review or a code-with-me session (so if someone has a nice small project that they would be willing to share code on).
- Ginger has a few ideas for speakers. Saving ideas for attendance for later discussion.

Lindsay: 
- Enjoyed joint book club... if we could get more people. Attendance for the online group is down as well. 
- Attendees really enjoyed the guest speaker (exciting to see how she was using data as a non-data scientist in her business). 
- Lindsay is looking for speakers in June, August and September. Plans to do more networking related events this summer. Wants to do an educational session as well. Looking to experiment and see what would entice more people to come.  
- Suggestion for recruiter to come and talk about jobs for data scientists, how roles get written. 
- Ginger suggested a data analyst who maybe able to come speak about data engineering tools (data exploration). 
- Lindsay mentioned that there seems to be a lot of interest building skills like with Tableau. 
- Ginger maybe able to cohost sometimes.

## 7. President's Report
- Looking to drive better participation. Promotion campagin.
- Mary likes the idea of personal outreach with template if that's helpful. Messaging people directly via email or on LinkedIn.
- Joan suggested follow-up with new members.
- Ginger was excited about this idea, but would like back-up
- Mary said she would be back-up.
- Lindsay said she has experience in outreach, templates and mailmerges.
- Small committee will be formed to develop this idea.
- Next meeting proposed for Thursday 27th of July or August 3rd. Ginger to send out email after checking her and Nydia's schedules.
 
## 8. Adjournment
7:38PM Ginger motioned to adjoined 7:38PM. Joan seconded. Motion passed unanimously.

# Cheat Sheet

* "Second"
* "Aye"
* "Nay"

* If there is no objection, we will adopt the motion to...

* I move to
* I move to ammend the motion
* I move that we refer the matter to committee
* I move that we postpone the matter until
* I move the previous question (which means we are done discussing)
* I call for a division (which means get name and votes clear)
