## Date/Time: Monday, November 30, 2020 - 6:30 - 7:30 pm ET via Zoom

### Attendees: Anna, Jaronda, Shannon, Janel, Julia
### Absent: Maria

### Agenda:
1. Clarification of roles (vote needed)
2. Election of officers
3. Decision on policy of no differentiation dues-paying members versus participants
4. Decision on continuation of membership dues

### Discussion:
1. Clarification of roles (vote needed)
* Dscussed the role of Director of Moments and voted to confirm the role as discussed.
* Discussed the role of Director of Programs. It was clarified that this role is not the sole owner of any conference. The board confirmed the role.
* Confirmed the role of Secretary.
* Confirmed the role of Treasurer.
* Discussed the role of Vice Presidient. Changes were made to even out the distribution of duties and sharing some responsibilities to the Vice President from the President. These were: 
- [ ] ensure 501 3c compliance, 
- [ ] financial reporting oversight
- [ ]  fundraising.
- [ ] New item of Work with NC Center for Non Profits was added to VP
* The board discussed the role of president. While the president will recruite speakers this year, the consensus was this was a delegatable activity for future years. The board voted to confirm the role. 
* The board decided to review roles at each board meeting.

2. Officers were elected for 2021 
* Agreed to continue all roles with current members in position.

- [ ] Shannon as Director of Moments
- [ ] Julia as Director of Programs
- [ ] Janel as Treasurer
- [ ] Maria as Secretary
- [ ] Jaronda as Vice President
- [ ] Anna as president.

3. Membership
* Agreed that dues would be $50 per year with no changes between dues paying and non dues paying members.

4. Member of the Year
* Agreed to vote Joan Member of the Year for her work contributions in 2020 and the next time we are together we buy her a drink!

5. Next meeting
* Agreed on Next meeting on January 11, 2021 to review budget.
